Add two notes to Matrix integration (#18229)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/matrix.markdown

      images:
        - /path/to/picture.jpg
```

<div class='note'>

> If you need to include a file from an external folder in your notifications, you will have to [whitelist the source folder](/docs/configuration/basic/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to include a file from an external folder in your notifications, you will have to [list the source folder as allowed](/docs/configuration/basic/).
```

> Since Home Assistant version 0.48 you have to [whitelist the source folder](/docs/configuration/basic/) of the file you want to include in the notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to include a file from an external folder in your notifications, you will have to [whitelist the source folder](/docs/configuration/basic/).
```
